we cannot be clashing like this inciting
for violence harassing Jewish people
harassing successful people bringing the
Hamas nightmare into the American soil
globalizing the intifa globalizing the
chaos well these are very dangerous
terms that we don't know what we're
talking about from The River To The Sea
they don't understand that back in
1987 when people start canting from The
River To The Sea violence followed just
shortly after that and this is my
childhood trauma and when I saw the
people chanting from The River To The
Sea I knew we were in
[Music]
trouble hello
everybody I had the opportunity
today to talk to Mr mosab Hassan yusf
who's a very complicated person he spent
a lot of his life north of
Jerusalem his father is shik Hasan
Yousef who's a co-founder of
Hamas
um he told me that he loved his father
but came to believe that his orientation
in the world was deeply misguided
he said the same thing about his culture
in general he had a very brutal
childhood he grew up during sequence of
antifas became conversant with Bloodshed
and and the death of children at a very
early age in his life and that isn't the
worst of it by a large
margin he started to work for the
Israeli intelligence
in 1997 he was born in
1978 and uh was a very reliable source
for them in relationship to the doings
of Hamas he involved himself in the
prevention of suicide bombings most
particularly um we
talked quite broadly about the situation
in the Middle East about the culture
that he was raised in about his the
transform of his attitude
towards Israel as a state um the
Israelis as people his understanding of
what constituted
Palestine and the general situation in
the Middle East uh it's very intense
interview to say the least I suppose
part of what I walked away from it
concluding was that you know Fools Rush
In Where Angels Fear To Tread and
everybody has an opinion
about Israel and Gaza and most of us
don't have the wisdom or the
experience to do anything but remain
silent in the face of what's happening
there you can watch listen
to OAB yusf and draw your own
conclusions about
the catastrophe unfolding in the Middle
East uh his conclusion was that alliance
with the Israelis is the best pathway
forward not only for the west but for
the Arab world there's many people in
the Arab world who believe that as well
you know it's why the Abraham Accords
are holding in face even in the face of
Iran's attempts to tear that Accord to
shreds so buckle up it's a wild
ride so obviously there's a terrible
mess in the Middle East and everybody
has an opinion about it but um
everyone's also woefully under what
would you call it
[Music]
question I'd like to ask you is what is
Hamas exactly how would you characterize
it know before actually we say what is
Hamas we need to ask ourselves what is
Palestine okay because Palestine is
non-existential
um and uh it was never a country it's
not ethnic group it's not a religion
it's not a faith it's a colonial entity
created by the
British that lived for about 25
years and Jews Arabs Drews Christians
zionists um were called Palestinians
before uh the termination of the British
mandate it was called the British
Mandate of Palestine so the Mandate
itself uh had the name Palestine
now right and this is all taking place
after World War I when the after the
collapse of the Ottoman Empire right
right right so the Empire
collapses there's there's questions
about how the political boundary should
be drawn the the
British establish yeah this this state
known as Palestine and so what should
people think about that exactly like
what do you think people should think
about the fact that the British were
involved I mean they won World War I and
the ottoman Ottoman Empire collapsed so
there was some mopping up to do and
often those things are done in a hurry
and with less than optimal information
let's say yes well the the Ottoman
Empire continued for about 400 years
during that time they ethnically
cleansed the Jewish people from their
land which explains why the Jewish
people were all over the place after
World War World War I and and the all
the atrocities and the persecution of
Jewish people they felt the need to seek
a refuge and the Homeland was the best
option for the Jewish people now this
led to clashes between the colonizer
which was the British uh Empire and the
Jewish people the Jewish people fought
for their independence and they shed
blood in the process also the Arabs did
the same in 1948 when the United
Nations um divided the
land given the opportunity to the Jews
and the Arabs to build and establish
their own
States the Jews declared their
independence but the Arabs declared war
against the
Jews and I think this is a very
important point to
understand there was no such a thing as
Palestine and when we talk about the
British Mandate of Palestine it was
never a state it was just a transitional
period uh from the collapse of the
otoman Empire to uh the uh termination
of the British mandate and that was less
than uh 28 years so that termination was
in 1948 in
okay okay so why in your estimation
weren't two states established at that
time a state for the Palestinian Arabs
and a state for the
Jews uh from Muslim point of view and
this is where it gets tricky this is
where nobody wants to talk about the
ideological religious dimension of this
war um from Islamic point of view the Al
aamos and the surrounding areas does not
define boundary
the surrounding areas could be 100 miles
could be 500 miles is an Islamic
trust that no Muslim leader has the
authority to give it away to the
non-muslims so when the Jewish people
returned to their
Homeland um the Muslims
outraged and that's the most fundamental
reason and motive for the Arabs and
Muslims to fight against Israel because
they they consider that territory as an
Islamic land right and that's the mosque
that's built on what was the Temple
Mount exactly it's actually the history
of the mosque is uh is about
approximately 1300 years but the Jewish
temple beneath is a lot older than that
and the Jewish ruins uh in Judea and
Samaria still erected actually and the
Jewish people have overwhelming
evidence uh of uh artifacts and uh
archaeology that support uh uh their
existence over uh centuries Millennial
but the Muslims don't there is no
currency there is no book there is no
Bible there is only a building that is
uh 1300 years uh old and uh this is why
for the Jewish people don't have a
problem in principle to coexist with
other ethnic groups like The even the
Zionist movement did not have a problem
to have uh two State solution back in
the day H while the Muslims refus
completely having uh Jewish existence on
that land the same way in Mecca
non-muslims are not allowed to enter
Mecca even to drive through Mecca the
same thing they want the situation to be
in uh
Jerusalem how did you how did you come
to these conclusions I mean I don't
imagine this is how you looked at the
world when you were young like true so
how did you how did you come to these
conclusions I understand that your
father shik Hassan yusf is a co-founder
of Hamas so obviously that's complicated
to say the least so when did tell me how
you looked at things when you were a
young man and and then
what what events in your life started to
change your your
mind since I was very young I had CRI
how old are you now I'm 45 years 45 okay
okay so you were born in about 1980
1978 78 yeah so the U I had critical
thinking from the early beginning of my
life uh when the mullah told the uh
funeral crowd that the angels of heaven
are going to come back and uh uh ingate
this
deceased uh in the grave they're going
to bring his soul back they're going to
torture him and if he does not answer
the right question it's going to be uh
an open
Hill I went back to the graveyard and I
investigated I was only 10 years
old uh and since that point of my life
uh I did not find Death intimidating as
much as actually became my drive to seek
a higher truth uh it l me so tell me
about that again I don't understand that
story exactly what what what event was
that so basically in the Islamic belief
yeah uh there is something called the
grave torture this is a device the
religious authorities used to control uh
the Muslim uh
population uh when the person dies in
the grave supposedly uh there is torture
uh and there is interrogation if the
person uh doesn't know who is his God
who is his Prophet if he failed to
answer the questions regarding the
religion they're going to be uh uh
tortured painfully they're like so it's
like a last judgment sort of it happens
in the
transitional uh period yeah so because
people die you know and they've been
dying for thousands of years so when the
afterlife hell is going to happen which
is a fundament Al uh thing in Islam the
afterlife heaven and hell
so many people die and is there a
torture so they come up with the story
that there is grave torture whether
Muhammad said this or not uh but it's
widely believed in the Islamic faith and
uh many people were afraid when when I
was very
young I asked all my friends to go back
with me to the
cemetery and uh none of them uh agreed
and when I went back I was
terrified
um eventually I did not hear any
screaming any torture and I put my ear
to the ground trying to listen did you
did this alone I did this alone because
nobody none of my friends would come
back with me to the graveyard it's
terrifying is this during the day it was
during the day during the day but
eventually I found my peace even at
nighttime and this might sound a bit
psychic but I reached the point that was
my challenge to myself where was I able
to lay down in an open uh grave and look
at the stars at midnight H how old were
you when you did that um I was maybe 12
13 years old what do you think drove you
to do that it's my fear of death yeah
yeah because the entire culture usually
people avoid it though rather than
confronting it well it sounds strange
but this is when I made peace with death
and this is actually what empowers me
what empowered me throughout my journey
right so that's very young when you did
that yes how many times did you go visit
a grave so basically we were just uh
next to the
graveyard uh and uh this this is not
actually the most important thing of
observing death and having an uh early
age encounter with
death that the first person in started
when I was living in that
neighborhood
so and you were living where exactly
right next to the cemetery okay so here
is the cemetery war and here's my here's
my uh bed okay and where are you
geographically located at that that's
ramala and
alir uh to the north of Jerusalem okay
okay the capital of of what's the
Palestinian okay basically okay so
you're north of Jerusalem yes right but
but this was we were at the heart of the
conflict and now all the Bloodshed all
the youngsters who got shot during the
first person antifa we buried next door
so I guarantee you that there is no
one in that conflict that witnessed
firsthand Bloodshed as much as it did as
a
child
hundreds of people were buried next door
whether they died naturally or they died
because of the conflict or internal
conflict between Hamas and fat where you
know they shot each other or stabbed
each other so the entire conflict was
displayed in front of my eyes as a
child and uh I couldn't find a stronger
motive why are we suffering why are we
dying and who's doing this to
us of course the narrative on the
Palestinian street that this is Israel
this is the Jewish people killing us and
as a child I did not have the power to
discern to see a higher truth how could
I the same thing with the children now
in Gaz they suffer the consequences of
War but they don't realize or understand
how the how the war originated MH so in
that situation I had a trauma of the
First Palestinian intifada and all the
memories stay with me this is what
empowers me to carry on and that was
when about that would be 1987 87 okay
1987 to uh
19 92 1990 what's the definition of
antifa
chaos people call it Uprising but the
very definition not only of intifada of
Palestine very similar definitions it's
chaos it's disorder it's
anti-establishment
how does it arise
simply
yat sitting in tja this is supposed to
be the father of the Palestinian
Revolution yeah the same yaser Arafat
who died with like4 billion dollar
thatat a lot more yaser arat was an
Egyptian K artist he was born in Egypt
with a Egyptian accent it was so obvious
to know that he's Egyptian but everybody
was in denial that he's Palestinian and
he's the father of the Palestinian
Revolution
um after they were kicked out of Jordan
of Lebanon and the end of Indonesia some
2,000 miles
away uh they came up with the idea to
engineer the intifa they wanted trouble
but from within they knew that this
could be a lot more effective than
trying to uh destroy Israel from
outside uh and they sent children to die
this has been their mechanism their
strategy and who's they when I say they
all those who are complicit in this
continuous uh crime mhm all those who uh
sacrifice children
uh uh for power and for money it's a
fundamental part of that culture we have
to understand this first was the
ideological Dimension that I told you
about then sacrificing children is not
uh something that make them feel guilty
it's acceptable in that
culture um so now as a student mask men
used to come and we were just uh fifth
and sixth grade we were very young and
they would force all students to
evacuate the school they paralyzed the
educational system they paralyzed
economy
transportation and they wanted complete
chaos and until today I asked myself
if you were fighting against Israel why
would you stop the education and the
economy and the and all other uh aspects
of the uh Arab life in the West
Bank this is what intifada means so
instead of going to school we um we
stayed at home for the first two or
three years of the First Palestinian
intifa we did not go to school now
instead
many of the children got engaged in uh
Stone throwing and this became our game
I was part of that game and many of my
friends got shot in the process throwing
stones at the IDF or
uh what we used to call them settlers uh
just clashing uh of course many
civilians got hurt in the
process uh so they did not want us to go
to schools and I did not understand why
what about the economy what about the
the uh the people who were forced to to
shut down their stores and if they did
not obey they became traitors and in the
morning they came back to their to their
stores and they were burnt down to ashes
so by the means of
intimidation uh yaser arat sitting uh in
luxury MH like K today sitting in luxury
in Qatar and what's in common between
all these K artists that
they were Outsiders living
outside while they wanted the children
to die on their behalf because what
really uh globalized the intifada or the
Palestinian
cause is the
children during the First Palestinian
when the world saw a child in the face
of uh a modern
Army that was outrageous everybody
simplified with the
Cs so how did the leaders who how did
the leaders of the inata benefit
personally from putting children on the
front line how what's the money pipeline
precisely I mean Arafat ended up with an
absolute bloody Fortune like an insane
fortune and I know the same thing is
happening but how exactly is that
monetized it's the suffering of children
produces an influx of forign Aid that's
then then that's then pocketed
essentially yes because on one hand they
uh delegitimize Israel Israel become a
child killer right right uh then uh
there is no one in the world that does
not sympathy with children dying right
so there's no more uh destructive or
powerful weapon in the hands of uh
corrupt Reis
Revolution uh that don't want to fight
they didn't have the courage to actually
fight in
combat but they prefer that their
children would die on their behalf in
the meantime delegitimize Israel and uh
globalize their
CA the the International Community don't
know the reality 100% on the ground they
don't understand this game even up to
now they see Hamas using children as
human Shields which is very obvious this
is what Hamas wanted from this
War uh the International Community is
still in denial MH a so when children
are ding this this will lead to more
chaos it would lead to war it would lead
to uh today a global chaos but how how
do you deflate the tension you deflate
the tension by going to the
middleman paying him off and he's going
to uh stop the madness MH and this is
how they paid off Yas paid of Hamas uh
this is the Gaza War today this is not
the first one this is the fifth one and
every time Hamas started the war they
used human Shields children died Hamas
exaggerated the numbers the statistics
they weren't accurate the International
Community bent over and submitted to a
ceasefire
which basically guaranteed Hamas staying
in power M but now how how do you
silence Hamas for a while by giving them
lots of money but this time Hamas
thought they could double
down uh on uh human Shields by putting
booby traps all over the place uh
schools hospitals mosqu they did not
leave any secret location um in Gaza
without using it using it as a shooting
uh pad
uh digging hundreds of miles of tunnels
beneath one of the most populated areas
on
Earth um how come that wasn't widely
known how come that wasn't widely known
in the west well this is obvious this is
obvious but the world isn't is in denial
because it's much easier to condemn
Israel you know when we have close to
two billion Muslims repeating a certain
narrative a false narrative that is
baseless that say Palestine and we say
the very Foundation of this narrative
there's no such a thing as Palestine it
never existed but everybody suddenly
became a pro Palestine all the well it
fits into the oppressor oppressed
narrative right victim it's the victim
absolutely narrative it's the victim
mentality so now even in the United
States the anti- bankers those who are
in debt or anti-establishment
Communists feminists socialists yeah
islamists are coming in the same room
protesting uh or opposing as Pro
Palestine yeah well what is Palestine
you are extreme opposites that you
should not be in the same Avenue at all
yeah without without Israel you would be
conspiring to destroy each other
islamist and Communists clearly but
suddenly now you are appearing yeah so
this phenomenon of Palestine it just
it's basically it shows you falsehood
versus truth and the yeah well there's
something really fun Al to that victim
victimizer narrative right that's
underlying all of this and if you can
tap into that then you get all the Well
you certainly get all the leftwing
radicals on your side instantly because
they're of course 100% bought into the
victim victimizer narrative and it
enables them to explain the world and
also to be moral because all you have to
do is identify with the hypothetical
victim the the thing I see happening in
Palestine you can clear up any
misconceptions on my part is like I've
thought for decades that the
Palestinians are sacrificial victims for
any outside powers that want to
delegitimize Israel and then it doesn't
matter how many Palestinians die because
they're essentially Expendable and that
seems to me particularly true in
relationship to Iran so it's completely
in Iran's fundamental interest to
ferment this chaos that you described
it's not in the best interest of the
Palestinians in any like the medium to
long run but it doesn't matter as long
as the trouble keeps UR uring it's hard
on Israel it's hard on the United States
it it it helps Iran maintain its like
its iron grip um it obviously seems to
me obvious that many people in the Arab
world are working are waking up to that
and have woken up to that I think that's
why the Abraham Accords have more or
less held through this because there are
powerful forces allying Allied against
Iran most fundamentally but it's in
their best interest to keep the misery
in Palestine Palestine going as long as
it possibly can and my suspicions are
that what happened on October 7th was
command directly please you know feel
free to disagree with me but this is how
it looks to me is that the Iranians
decided that it was time to stir the pot
and they produced this massacre and they
hoped they'd provoke Israel into exactly
the sort of reaction that Israel is
having and that Israel would take the
threat extra ordinarily seriously and
move in and as their military Victory
mounted public opinion would turn
against them and it would fragment the
Abraham Accords I suspect that was their
plan what what do you think about that
is that is that in accordance with your
understanding of the situation
absolutely you know this is Iran's uh
attempt to actually rearrange the region
right uh but I don't want to go too far
that also China and Russia have ambition
of uh reshaping the world changing the
world order but we we don't want to go
too too far uh no cuz God only knows how
that's going to turn out but it's it's
basically uh Iran Russia China they made
it very clear that they don't want the
United States Monopoly over power they
want to change the world order yeah uh
Putin understands he he understands
completely what it really meant for
Hamas to go and ethnically cleanse 20
Jewish
communities and it was not coincidental
right after the Ukraine Uh Russian war
where all the attention was uh at
Europe uh and uh we saw after what
happened in Gaza nobody talk about
Ukraine right right right right when you
bring the three major major religions uh
uh and make them Clash somehow uh the
Hamas was the trigger probably I doubt
that Hamas understand the KGB and
Putin's uh play um but they are part of
it and uh Putin is complicit in this
situation so Iran does not act on its
own the cost of living has already
increased 177% this year and continues
to rise despite interest rate controls
as our national debt skyrockets you need
to be confident in the financial service
companies you work with especially
regarding your money and future Birch
gold is a proven industry leader that
you want on your side they'll show you
how precious metal investment can
fortify your lifestyle and retirement
even in turbulent Economic Times bold
understands that navigating financial
decisions can be daunting that's why
their dedicated in-house Ira department
is there to guide you every step of the
way bir gold values your questions and
concerns their team is always available
to provide answers and Clarity whether
it's about fees taxes on rollovers or
the timing of the process they're here
to ensure that you feel heard and
informed text Jordan to 9898 98 to talk
to one of bir SCH experts and claim your
free info kit on gold you'll learn how
to convert an existing Ira or 401K into
a tax sheltered Ira in Gold the best
part is it doesn't cost a penny out of
pocket just text Jordan to 98 9898
that's Jordan to 98 9898
today in this situation so Iran does not
act on its own you know when when they
launched for example hundreds uh of
ballistic missiles in the 21st century
this is a major uh attack uh
I haven't witnessed this In Our Lifetime
maybe during the Iraqi War but it was it
was not on this uh scale so anyway yes
this this people don't care for the
Global Security they are irresponsible
and uh worse than this that we have
experience with the Communists or let's
say communist Islamic ideologies that
they reached a did end they failed uh
the Communist Islamic model uh did not
bear fruit
it did not emancipate Humanity it did
not solve uh the human uh problem uh and
they still insist on replacing
capitalism yeah I don't think capitalism
is the perfect uh solution but it's the
better option for sure so anyway they
insisting and they want uh this uh to to
keep going and uh when we have a weak uh
leadership uh with due respect um the
Biden uh Administration is not showing
leadership uh and in the Muslim culture
the Arab culture uh they don't
understand tolerance there is no such a
thing not in the Muslim Consciousness
maybe forgiveness but not tolerance uh
and tolerance is mostly perceived as
weakness and uh I speak as someone who
grew up in that culture so every time
you know when Trump was there for
example everybody was terrified of him
unpredictable and you don't know what
he's going to do next so he moved the uh
American Embassy to Jerusalem nobody
dared even to challenge yeah right yes
not even riots or any of that right yeah
um but now
uh the Obama Administration then now the
Biden
Administration
um the Americans and the American power
is not Respec they've enabled Iran
yes mhm yeah one of the things that
appalled me when when Biden took office
is that I've been following the Abraham
Accords quite closely because I thought
they were well really quite the miracle
and I knew from talking to people who
were involved firsthand that the Saudis
were very interested in having that
process continue and very inclined to
sign on and my sense with the Biden
Administration was that that got
scuttled because the Democrats were
completely unwilling to give Trump any
credit for anything he did during his
administration and I thought that was
absolutely unforgivable because it would
have been and and the Democrats could
have pulled this off they could have
brought Saudi Arabia into the Abraham
courts and they they squandered the
opportunity and that's a complete
catastrophe as far as I'm concerned an
unforgivable catastrophe and you know
here we are now as a consequence of it
at least in part let's go back to when
you were 13 I want to pick up the thread
of that story okay so you're you're
seeing all this catastrophe this chaos
that you describe that redounds to the
benefit of the conmen who are running
the show for example and that is there
to
delegitimize um Israel and and the
United States and to redown to the
credit let's say of the Iranians
operating in the background you're
seeing all the consequences of this
firsthand you decide that for a variety
of complicated reasons you decide that
you're going to face your fear of death
you have this graveyard next next you're
going there to investigate and to
experiment what was the consequence of
doing that for you and then how does
that tie in with your transformation of
worldview over
time when I was very young and this is
stuff I don't like to talk about because
I choose not to be a victim and also I
don't like uh to uh to become vulnerable
because people think that you are weak
MH uh stuff that I don't have to talk
about but I think there's no way around
it um because many people ask you know
what motivates you and where you coming
from um when I was very very young I was
raped in a culture in a
culture that would kill the
rapist but also they would kill the rape
victim
MH so I never told anybody about that
story I never got any support and had
how old were you I was five or six years
old when that
happened now I had to heal on my own and
it was a hell of a
journey in a society that did not have
mercy that they preferred that I would
disappear so I don't bring shame on them
right and I witnessed so many
women being killed after being raped mhm
that the father would prefer to kill his
daughter to bury the shame with her not
to have to face the society that his
daughter was raped mhm what type of
mentality is this what type of religion
is this and this is not just a culture
okay does it reflect on his inability to
protect her is that the source of the
shame it's his status his status it's
his the father of he could not protect
his daughter yeah yeah and now maybe the
daughter is pregnant this was before
abortion Etc okay the the daughter is
pregnant what is he going to do with the
child no he prefers to kill the daughter
he does not want to go even uh to the to
the degree that his
grandchild is a result of a of a rape
right
incident
so and uh from the sth century in Islam
ER or in in Arabia they killed the
infants so when I say sacrificing
children this is not uh coincidental
it's uh it's rooted in that
culture so for me it was injust that I
had to actually carry the burden instead
of getting the support from the family
from the society like at least to come
and say who did it MH today today I'm 45
years old I'm very strong man I can
confront the whole universe if necessary
and up to now none of them asked the
question who did
it and by the way I had the power to uh
kill the
Predator down the road he's probably
living in a nightmare why I didn't
actually harm him because later on I got
lots of power even when I was back in
the teritory but I chose not to instead
of going after the
rapist I went after the belief system ah
and this is where I need to create the
change mhm I see so you the what's soal
the
Islam and I know this is very sensitive
uh topic if the belief system if Allah
thinks that the rapist and the raped are
equal and they deserve the same
punishment then this God does not have
authority over man life and this is
where I start questioning the entire
belief system and I rebu how how come
you're still
alive well they tried to kill me and
they're still trying to kill not bad
they have been trying to assassinate me
politically at least all this
progressives and Muslim Brotherhood uh
wearing all type of masks in the United
States they have been trying to
discredit me so I cannot even speak for
myself to defend myself because I'm
speaking on behalf all the wounded
children in the region and I know their
game and I know they don't care for the
children
instead my father sacrificed me he said
this is not my son and I don't know him
if you want to kill him his blood is
allowed so when you have to choose
between a hypothetical God that does not
even exist and the future of children or
your own child well we have a
fundamental problem here then you come
pausing to tell to tell the rest of the
universe that Islam is a religion of
Peace well no we have a big problem here
we have to talk about it and I start
talking about
this I got
cancelled yeah bet you got canceled so I
and now I'm labored
islamophobe what islamophobe I'm
confronting this thing and I'm willing
to die in its Pursuit because we there's
no other way only the truth can set
people free only the truth the same
thing with
Palestine it totally depends on the
destruction of Israel in order for us to
see what Palestine is and the
manifestation of Palestine
requires the destruction of Israel same
thing with the Islamic State it requires
the destruction of
civilization all civilizations combined
in order to achieve this Global State
called uh
KFA but we don't know how it is going to
look like then so we have first to die
for them to live then they can prove
themselves it's if there is
anything uh that defines Madness this is
madness but so you were hurt very badly
when you were very young and then you
live through the antifa anata and you
were right beside the graveyard and you
decided that you're going to confront
death relatively directly and overcome
your fear of it you were doing some
religious experimentation really at the
same time then you said that you were
testing out this hypothesis that there
was torture in the grave you did that
alone because your friends wouldn't come
along with you which is like hardly
surprising so you you said that you also
decided with regards to being raped that
your the proper response to that wasn't
to go after the person specifically who
was responsible but to go after
something deeper than that which was the
belief system that that gave rise to
this problem all right so now you're
you're 13 are these ideas already in
your imagination like when when do you
start sorting when did when was it that
you started sorting this
out um some of them were in the form of
feelings just a gut feeling uh I did not
have the mean to express them but I knew
them uh it was not coincidental that I
could not tell my own father about this
situation but later on I knew that my
punishment is
death um so today I have the power to
express myself I didn't know everything
at that time but believe or not I felt
it that this is uh this Society cannot
be
trusted and this is why today when I
stand and I tell the
world anyone who identifies as a
Muslim I consider them as a threat
I don't trust them and people say oh you
cannot generalize this is like insane
what you say no it's not
insane because if their belief
system has sentenced me to death many
times for crimes that I haven't
committed then you pause as a Muslim you
carry that identity how am I supposed to
feel towards you it's like coming to a
Jewish Refugee during the Nazi era and
say I am a Nazi come with me I'm not
going to hurt you no you're taking the
identity of a Nazi
regime and whether you are the bad cup
or the good cup it doesn't matter you
are serving the same establishment and
I'm tired of this moderate versus
extremist every individual has the
responsibility to know what they are
identifying with you my individuality is
above all religions and above all gods
I don't accept to just take a label for
myself not knowing what I'm getting
myself involved into because only my
parents pushed that religious identity
on me and if I am at that level of
Consciousness then how can I trust you
with anything I cannot trust you with my
woman I cannot trust you with my
property I cannot trust you with my
money I cannot trust you being even
close to me because you don't qualify
you don't know your IND
individuality you are unpredictable you
can be friendly now but 5 minutes later
you can be a part of a crowd and you're
going to show me your tasks you might
bite me so then I have a
problem okay what do you what do you
make of moves on the part of countries
like the UAE and and the other countries
that are involved in the in the Abraham
Accords let's say because that it looks
to me like that's a pathway forward much
different than the pathway laid out in
Iran that right that holds out the
possibility of something like a Repro
between let's say Christianity Judaism
and Islam do you see any hope on that
side of things
yes with a statement that I made this is
my fundamental stand I don't compromise
this
truth and I don't respect anyone who
identifi themselves as a Muslim in
principle because why okay but this is
my fundamental stand because I aim to
reform a generation and I need people to
get out of their Cave of delusion and
think for themselves like for example I
don't have a problem with the sufis and
I don't have a problem actually with
Muslims who don't pose as Muslims they
don't have to uh uh bring their
religious identity as they are entitled
to something uh they want to intimidate
me or maybe tempt me with something
sincere devotional people don't need a
religious identity at all all and those
exist in the Arab and the Muslim
world but also hypocrisy is is uh well
so you know is the other side of the
coin I just did a seminar on the gospels
with some Scholars the same group that I
walked through the story of Exodus with
now we spent 20 hours going through the
gospel accounts and the biggest enemies
of Christ are the religious Hypocrites
that's the Pharisees in that story and
they're people who
Proclaim allegiance to God while acting
in their own service right the deepest
of all possible sins right to invert the
moral order so
that you serve yourself well claiming to
serve what's properly put in the highest
place right there's no shortage of
religious hypocrisy and I think it is it
is the worst of all possible s because
it inverts the cosmic order right it
right it makes everything good
subservient to what it is that you want
and that's a very that's a ve I mean
that
that that can be obviously that's a
problem faced by any religious system
because any religious system can become
overrun with Hypocrites but that's
really what you're pointing to is the
distinction between hypocrisy
and it says in the gospels that you
shouldn't let your left hand know what
your right hand is doing and what that
really means is that it's something like
practice your devotion in itude in
secrecy and don't Trump trumpet it don't
make a show of it the the uh the
activists in the west are exactly the
same sort of people right they're
wearing their morality on a stick look
how good I am because I'm on the right
side has nothing to do with them
organizing their lives in any sense of
the word all they have to do is Proclaim
allegiance to the victim and they're on
the top of the moral order mhm
regardless of who they have to crawl in
bed with to manage that particular stunt
which is what we're seeing everywhere in
the west at the moment after October 7th
obviously and all this moral decay of
course there's in common it's a human
condition you know it's this why we're
saying if we want to to see the new
man if we want to integrate to a higher
state of consciousness then we need to
drop this uh political correctness
what's the difference it's the same
thing it's the same game yeah you know I
was born in that that's why they end up
on the same side
and I was born in that belief like at
least when it comes to
me I don't have the right to criticize
my own belief system and if I do I
become uh it becomes a hateful speech
who says
this this is my Birthright to rebel and
to criticize this what makes us Superior
to
animals especially that there's no such
a thing as Islam we have so many
denominations so BAS
basically at least we what we can do now
we can uh push them back they have to
back
off and we probably can uh apply
political pressure where you know they
will have to
uh hold extremists accountable okay but
after October 7 what I saw and this is
why I went outrageous and I really told
the Arab world listen if it comes down
to choose between the entire Muslim
population and a cow I choose a cow like
at least the cow is very peaceful it
gives us milk it gives us uh leather it
gives us meat it very peaceful it's
harmless but you what's your
contribution and now we have this Global
crisis where uh a
minority uh religious minority being
persecuted suffering ethnic cleansing on
October 7 and instead of siding with
truth to say that this does not
represent us as a Muslim World instead
they have been weaponizing their
religious
identity against this religious minority
that is most creative with a greatest
contribution to
life and I don't see like this is the
blueprint of our society I mean I I
cannot imagine the western civilization
or our civilization how how do you
account for the fact that the Abraham
Accords haven't
collapsed I mean they haven't right
they've held and that's again that seems
to me to be a very positive thing I mean
I think you could make a case that
perhaps the people who are on the
Abraham Accord side of the world could
have been more forthright in their
defense of Israel after October 7th but
at least the whole bloody process hasn't
collapsed I mean that's what Iran was
hoping for it's not collapsed it's not
collapsed and I think it is going to be
rejuvenated after this war because it's
in the interest of everybody yes and now
the thing is Israel is showing everyone
that violence is a dead end so what I am
hoping for that I don't know if we have
to go to the point where we have to deal
with Iran and hisbah and this war could
be a lot longer than people expecting
but eventually the Middle East is going
to reach the point especially Muslims
and Arabs that violence is a dead end we
are not going to tolerate violence you
want to worship the stone worship it as
much as you want but don't throw it at
me don't dare to throw it at me because
I will
retaliate and this was the final result
the use of force after exhausting every
possibility with islamists with the
Muslim Brotherhood especially which is
Hamas there is no
difference now that they learned the
lesson they can stay in their delusion
it's not my responsibility to go and try
to pull them out of their
cave but if they choose to act on it and
manifest their delusion in the form of
violence in the form of terrorism then
we have very tough Warriors and we are
going to fight I personally am fighting
for my very existence I'm not an expert
on the topic they want me to cease to
exist hence my relationship and my
understanding of Israel because Israel
didn't do anything wrong to the Arabs
and to the Jews except you know just
being who they are and they want them to
cease to exist this is how I feel why I
feel with Israel it's there's no
difference we are in the same situation
where I didn't commit a crime against my
people I didn't commit a crime against
anyone even later on when I collaborated
with Israel in the intelligence service
my main goal was to just stop the
madness stop suicide bombers from
targeting civilians
indiscriminately this was my goal this
was my my moral compass I didn't do it
because of a national uh
motivation sleep is a foundation for our
mental and physical health in other
words you've got to have a consistent
nighttime routine to function at your
best but if you're struggling with sleep
then you've got to check out Beam Beam
isn't your run-ofthe-mill sleep aid it's
a concoction carefully crafted to help
you rest without the grogginess that
often accompanies other sleep remedies a
bunch of us here at the daily wire count
on beam's dream powder to knock us out
and sleep better through the night so we
can show up ready for work the next day
just mix beam dream into hot water or
milk stir or froth and then enjoy before
bedtime then wake up feeling refreshed
without the next day grogginess caused
by other Sleep Products dream contains a
powerful allnatural blend of RI
magnesium eleanine appenine and
melatonin to help you fall asleep stay
asleep and wake up refreshed and with it
now being available in delicious flavors
like cinnamon cocoa chocolate peanut
butter and mint chip better sleep has
never tasted better and today listeners
of this show can get a special discount
on beam's dream powder get up to 40% off
for a li a time when you go to shop
beam.com Peterson and use go Peterson
checkout that's shop
beam.com Peterson and use God Peterson
for up to 40%
[Music]
off but I still became a traitor I say
why why why you label me as a traitor
why you condemn me to death all I I say
I did not only save Jewish life I saved
Al also Palestinian lives I saved my
father's life and other Hamas leaders
lives believe or not for 10 years I
don't have blood on my hands I did not
take part of killing any human being
throughout 10 years of uh of war and
chaos and
bloodshed working around the clock to
save people from their Madness trying to
just juggle with the whole situation I
was very young and I I I almost got
killed so many times in the process
sitting in a room full of explosives
with potential suicide bombers 19 years
old discussing who's going to die first
that kind of situation and I am trying
how can I stop this kid
from killing so many other
people this is not about treason it's
about pro- lifee this is what we were
doing yet a society that prays suicide
bomb and attacks praise
death because blinded with hatred
towards the Jewish people that by the
way they don't know nothing about the
Jewish history they don't know nothing
about the Jewish suffering they are not
willing to study about the Holocaust
instead they're teaching people the
wrong and the false narrative and this
is how they guarantee uh to stay in this
victimhood for
eternity so basically it's so
complicated you know in in my uh in my
Matrix that I I learned a lot about
myself and I fought the good fight but
right now I reached the point that I
don't need to explain to anybody
anything there's a volcano inside me is
about to erupt and I don't care what
people are going to say whether they're
going to say mad crazy out of control
they can say whatever they want we have
to eradicate Hamas we have to finish
islamists there is no room for Savages
in our civilization and anyone who pose
a threat against innocent civilians
don't have equal rights it's as simple
as that and all the voices coming from
the United States say hey Palestinians
give the Palestinians equal rights I say
no first I want to see equal
responsibility show me equal
responsibility then we can discuss equal
rights but you don't compare Savages to
decent civilians or to decent civilized
people who know their responsibility
towards themselves and towards their
neighbor and compare say hey Israel is
democracy why you treat the Palestinian
in such manner well there is no such a
thing as Palestine to begin with and the
entire social structure need to be
studied before we decide what Palestine
is because it's not a nation just
political gangs fighting against each
other finding Israel as a common enemy
and when Israel is not there they will
kill each other I promise you
that so what happens to you at 13
I walk me through your life from 13
onward to to the point where you start
working with the Israelis so just walk
me through that whole that whole yeah
biography
so that was the first par and antifa
yeah but it looks like I developed so
many uh disorders because of the traumas
of
childhood and instead a society that can
understand a child and what's going on
what they did they beat me up everybody
from the Hamas leaders to my parents to
the teachers uh at school to the
principal to the other kids in the
streets everywhere I went at some point
I got beaten up by a mob in fact in my
life I got beaten up by a mob multiple
times to the point where I went
unconscious and why were you a target of
that sort of I was just
troublemaker and I am still a troubl
maker this one of my best qualities
so basically they did they wanted me to
behave accordingly according the uh
religious laws and the cultural laws but
I didn't know why I was behaving that
way I just wanted to Rebel there was
lots of anger inside me and there is
still lots of anger so what were you
doing that was that was causing trouble
I broke the rules at the mosque I played
uh I just was very playful uh kid and
they wanted me to just not do anything
if I ran in the mosque once the IM at
the mosque Lift Me Up Above his head and
throw me flat on my back where I lost my
breath and in other occasion I was
whipped by Hamas leader with the
electric cable to the point I lost
Consciousness how old were you uh
between the 10 and uh 18 years old this
is like where the brutality of the
society took place so if I was only a
rape victim when I was very young I
would say okay you know that was one
event but come on you know everybody was
conspiring against me and I still wonder
why so many forces wanted me dead and
they still don't have compassion to just
look and say it's like wow this guy went
through a lot like maybe you know what
whatever he's saying he has the right at
least to express it but they want to
strip me even the right to talk about
it so it's a brutal culture you know
when some say what happened in October 7
was barbaric it's not only
Hamas there is a majority in the gazan
society that is complicit in this crime
in fact for those who watch the
footage of the October 7 crimes it was
not only Hamas that committed crime most
of the crimes especially raping and
kidnapping were committed by G and
civilians and I know now this is uh
considered um or somebody can discredit
me because I'm generalizing but I say
the vast majority of that Society don't
have mercy when it comes to children and
no woman can walk freely and feel safe
at midnight anywhere in the Palestinian
territories this is why a father is
willing to kill his daughter if she
would leave the house without a
companion
because if she leaves the house with
that companion there's a big chance that
she's going to be raped on the streets
and why you taking such a risk they
would beat them up if they leave the
house alone MH so it's a troubl society
it's a death culture and I don't mean to
label them as Savages and I don't want
to say this because it's so hard it's my
biological family this where I came from
and I love the people I want the people
to
integrate but
they want me dead still and as long as
they are not able to make peace with
their own
child I don't know how they can make
peace with other nations with other
people with other what was your
relationship with your father like I
loved my
father I loved him he was my God even
though he beat me up in so many time I
loved him and I loved my mother as well
I loved my people I did not ha hate them
I was just Troublemaker but it's not out
of hatred even the ones who hurt me the
most I was able to let go even my
rapists or that guy I told you who he
beat me beat me up or the teacher I did
not go after them and it was not
coincidental that existence gave me so
much power during the second Parisian in
which I was I had the capacity to pretty
much uh give the
permission to uh
to an army to kill somebody and I
refused especially when they were my
opponents like so how did you how did
you come to be in that position so so
you're a young you're a young man 13 to
18 what what what's happening in your
life and where do you end up so
basically at the age of
18 uh the gap between me and that
Society was really white and I
questioned many things about about that
culture Who We Are and why people
just so
cruel um and I want to take revenge but
I thought i' take revenge from
Israel and some somehow I wanted to go
just suicidal because it was very hard
you know to take a gun and go shoot my
people so I thought okay how about I go
against the occupiers our enemies and I
decided that I'm going to buy a purchase
gun and shoot some Israelis and just go
as a Shahid that was my only
escape and that was only at the age of
18 so I got the
guns and uh before I did anything
thankfully I was arrested by the Israeli
intelligence during
interrogation uh they offered me to work
for
them and I thought it was an opportunity
to actually say
yes and uh destroy them from
with on one hand I would be released
from
prison and I would have a lot more
information a lot more power and I can
do something
against cuz there was no way for any
intelligence service to buy me uh let's
say by money or by intimidation or any
of that so that was actually my real
motive and it's described uh in detail
in in my uh in my
books
um but instead of releasing me they said
you must go to prison if we release you
uh people will get suspicious and you
will get
killed so I end up going to prison for
16 months this was my first
imprisonment in
prison I told Hamas about this encounter
with the Israeli intelligence in prison
in prison I told them the truth and this
is my plan but they said is this
everything I said this is everything I
said no you write more so there is
nothing else so who's your handling
what's your mission like they did not
give me any Mission Hamas became
suspicious of me instead of helping me I
became a suspect but my father is one of
the founders of the
movement so they could not torture me
but in the meantime they were torturing
hundreds of other prisoners for
suspicion of collaborating with Israel
dozens were killed during that time and
hundreds were tortured they destroyed
their lives completely they were brutal
didn't this some of this was taking
place in the prison you were in in
prison all of it prison so I'm talking
about the 16 months of a nightmare
Beyond anyone's imagination where I am
suspect but they are not touching me
while everyone else everyone around me
is being tortured and killed for 16
months and I was
wondering is my turn going to come but
because of my father's status and their
hypocrisy and of course their
shame uh they did not do anything uh to
me but the thing is I didn't up to that
point I did not betray I did I just told
them the truth not under pressure I
thought you know they could help me that
this is my plan and this is how things
went wrong between me and Hamas to the
core when I was released from prison
after 16
months uh Hamas followed up outside the
prison my father was still in prison but
different Israeli prison at that time so
he wasn't there to protect me and I was
outraged are was he in prison with you
no no no my father was in a high
security prison I was in a like more of
a jail okay okay so he was in inside
prison to protect me and when I was
released he was still in Israeli prison
my father spent some 30 years of his
life in Israeli prisons
so now outside the prison Hamas is
coming after me to say it's like just
keep us posted what's going on and
now uh they're I don't want to say
blackmailing me but uh in the human
nature the Handler of
Hamas found opportunity actually to um
to take a to Total Advantage he wanted
me to become somehow like his
and I was in a situation I prefer to die
you know I did not betray my people I
don't have any intention to betray
anybody I was thought that okay you know
we're fighting against occupation and
this is the way to just become a Shahid
and exit all this tragedy for good so I
was going suicidal I did not mean you
know to uh to sell my people for
money so the only Refuge was left on the
table is to actually go to the Israeli
intelligence and ask them for help from
Hamas this time because Hamas what were
they requiring of you the the the Hamas
Handler what what was being required of
you the moment they put you at defense
and you are in a society like this where
everything is ruled based on shame and
honor it's the most shameful thing you
they can ask you to do whatever they
want you to do and uh it's up to the
individual it's not even to the Hamas
movement so uh and they're going to hold
it against you for eternity what kind of
life is this it's like someone is
holding something against you but and
nothing will clean that Shain no matter
what you do except if you die even if I
became a suicide bomber the shame will
hunt me to my grave this was the reality
of it so
this is where I think everything just
went out of control I was like since
childhood I had no mercy from this
people and right now trying to actually
just Escape My
Misery by dying for Allah by dying for
the nation against the Zionist
occupation they're coming after me so
this is my psychic and I was no matter
what I do even if I die I will never be
able to please them and why would I
die so in the first encounter with the
Israel intelligence I told them the
whole
truth how did you make contact with them
they made a contact with me after I was
released from this was the original plan
wasn't it yeah okay yeah so after I was
released from prison uh they contact me
and
um er in the first
meeting I asked them why didn't you come
to help the people people who were
tortured in prison if you now want me
really to work for you you abandoned
money you abandoned
me they said none of these people who
were tortured and killed had any
relationship with the Israeli
intelligence it's all in Hamas
head the Handler said I have been
working with the agency for 18 years
one asset in our district was was cut in
the action and This Man still alive in
the United States and he gave me the
name of that
person he said this is the only one this
is the only true story the hundreds of
others who have been killed had no
relation they are all innocent
people well if he was telling me the
truth this is even uh more
disastrous and
uh I decide to go to the second to go
back to the second meeting and the third
meeting and every meeting they were just
building me up I was so
broken building you up in what way
building me up in uh education uh
conversation open conversation about who
they are what they
do uh and so this is when your political
attitude started to switch your your
attitude towards history not yet this
was just the early beginning it was the
early beginning because simply um the
said here's
money you go back to
school and they gave me enough money
exact amount that pays for my
school and uh when I needed uh to uh to
do anything Financial they said not
possible we cannot give you any amount
of money because if we give you money
and you do you cannot prove where you
got this money from they will kill you
so I said you only go to school oh
what's my mission there is no mission
there was no gun there is no go SP what
school did you go so did you go back to
high school I went back to the high
school I graduated from high school but
also they wanted me to go to college and
I graduated four years college and
during that entire time they funded my
education my education only and there
was no other deal than that there is was
no other deal why did they do that
because this is how they work and this
is how the Israeli intelligence work
they said from the beginning they said
listen we don't work with losers it
doesn't matter like the fact that you
are son of a Hamas leader does not
qualify
you you must be like us you need to
think like us and you need to be a part
of your society and you need to be
productive you cannot be a loser if you
are a
loser you will not gain the respect of
your own society and they did a long
process of um fool in
Hamas uh that we don't have a
relationship that included you know some
attack on our house some arrests in the
future uh all type of
Illusion uh orchestrated by the Israeli
intelligence to just convince the
society that I was a wanted person at
some point that there was no way in the
world um that I had a relationship with
the Israeli intelligence especially when
Hamas start building their trust with me
again and I had uh top secrets of the
movement but the Israelis did not
act uh upon my intelligence or my
information to just keep Hamas fear and
safe for as long as possible um so part
of the building me up you know it was we
had hundreds of meetings and uh ER they
showed me uh many of the values for
example when we got into operation later
on civilians were involved we avoid Civ
civilians every
time um the civilian involvement was a
big concern for the
agency and I was really surprised
because I thought that the wisdom on the
Palestinian street that the Israelis
will give you poison to put in the
town's water they will give you a gun to
shoot your own people they will make you
rape women and take uh footage of them
so you can blackmail them uh they will
all type of crazy stories that they had
it had nothing in reality and I was on
my own they never connect me with anyone
else and uh after my college this is I
think was the period where I was ready
um to uh to do something good for myself
what did you take in college I studied
history uh and what aspect of History ER
it was history and social studies but I
studied the world history uh Middle East
history uh the history of religion MH U
of course you cannot cover everything in
four years but uh I did as much as I
could and I was very interested in the
topic if you're always on the lookout
for products to boost your immune
strength and gut health you need to
check out Arma Arma is the gift that
keeps on giving it'll help strengthen
your skin lungs and gut barriers
optimize your microbiome and activate
cellular performance to revive whole
body Health armor products are not just
effective they're also your trusted
companions they're clean safe and have a
solid foundation of extensive research
manufactured under the most stringent
testing and quality standards in cgmp
and FDA certified facilities armor is a
brand you can rely on every day
chemicals pollutants pathogens and
processed ingredients pose a threat to
our mental and physical well-being the
need for protection is more pressing
than ever if you want to give armor a
try they have a special offer for
Jordan's listeners right now you'll
receive 15% off your first order go to
tr ara.com Jordan or enter Jordan at
checkout to get 15% off your first order
TR r y
ar.com Jordan that's Tri armor.com
Jordan or enter code Jordan
checkout so what did your what did your
education change for
you um education was just uh the
um the first step
I had to educate myself like for
example um while I was in
prison uh I studied
English uh I memorized uh Oxford
dictionary I was reading 16 hours a
day and I spent lots of time in Israeli
prison this is how I spent my time when
I was released I opened up to
Christianity especially the Bible and
the Bible had a huge impact on my life
especially you know the the New
Testament and the teachings of uh Christ
which to me you know it's not
Christianity as much as Christ
Consciousness it's a state Advanced
State of
Consciousness um and the challenge of
love love thy enemy and that came in a
in a place where I was uh
conflicted where you actually had
enemies exactly and who is my enemy like
is it my people is it my rap is it my
tortur is
it Israel is it who is it so uh the uh
challenge of love thy enemy really made
peace with the world
somehow um and um I decided that I don't
have enemies anymore and this what
helped me actually heal and progress so
I made a principle that I did not want
to kill any of my opponents but I have
to say that today I regret it
today I regret it the influence of
Christ consciousness of just love
everybody
unconditionally
um did not get me to where I needed to
be
because today I'm under the influence of
cause and
effect not right and wrong and I think
there's no Escape for anybody from Karma
or from their own actions nobody's Above
This universal law it has nothing to do
with cultures and I tried so hard to
save my father's life if I wasn't in the
picture they would have killed him a
thousand times saying that he's I
thought to myself he's mate he's in a
political way he's not a military
Wing but this is the problem of this is
a moderate and this is extremist then
you go into this rabbit hole and you
never find your way out I thought to
myself no
you are complicit in Hamas
crimes
then uh you uh qualify for uh the same
punishment as any of their uh attackers
on October 7 and this is why I had to
take a moral stand and
say all Hamas
leaders must be
executed what happened in October 7 was
a capital crime a genocide cannot be
taken late lightly
this is not just uh an act of
resistance ER to wipe out 20
plus communities based on their ethnic
background based on their
religion uh is not an act of resistance
is not justified killing babies killing
children raping women kidnapping
hostages killing animal burning trees
nothing gets worse than this and it
requires Capt crime and I had the
thought what about my father who I loved
very much who disowned me 14 years
ago I never give up on him I was like
always you know in my heart this is my
father I love you what whatever you know
you did necessary to just shun me and
throw me to the mouth of death it's no
problem
as long as you are
okay but after October 7 I had to make a
very difficult choice
[Music]
because this is where or when we have to
draw the line all of
us are connected to a certain interest
that this is a family relationship this
is a love relationship my relationship
to this property my personal interest to
a certain degree
hence we compromise the
truth even though the obvious truth that
what happened in October 7 is wrong it
doesn't matter if they if Muslims did it
they are wrong I don't care if they are
Buddhist if they are Americans it
doesn't matter who they are it was wrong
and I take the moral
stand my father is complicit in this and
especially when I saw him on the top of
a
demonstration supporting Hamas in our
town in rala this was the moment that I
thought he's not my father anymore
cannot
be and the hostage situation was very
hard that I didn't know how Israel is
going to bring those hostages back and
Hamas want Mass murderers to be released
happened to be same people who were
torturing prisoners on my watch and
happened to be the same uh Mass
murderers who carried suicide bombing
attacks during the second Palestinian
Ina like ibraim hammed and Abdullah Alti
people I new
personally this people Hamas is asking
to
release and we cannot release them we
cannot put them back to the streets for
innocent hostages such impossible
situation so my suggestion and this is
again you know the isra I knew the
Israeli government will not do that but
I give them the permission to execute
all these Mass murderers because if if
they were executed from the beginning
Hamas would have not kidnapped a
one-year-old hostage asking for their
release but then what about my father my
own
father is he an
exception he could not be an exception
no one can be an exception if they are
complicit in a
genocide so this is where you know since
October 7 it just as chaotic as it is in
the Middle East and my life also is
chaotic and I don't have way around it
to see the Muslim population weaponizing
their religious identity against the
Jewish as a religious minority and I
have known the Jewish people for about
27 years
now actually my relationship with the
Jewish nation is a lot deeper than my
relation with the Muslim
Nation it's a lot longer a lot
deeper many of the Jewish Mothers
throughout this journey they took me in
you know a country a nation that really
give me so much support I'm not talking
about financial support as much as like
sincere uh concern for my
well-being I've been to hundreds of
Jewish families Shabbat
dinners uh I have adapted nephews Jewish
nephews that they're fighting in Gaza
today so in in the face of such a
situation how can I abandon the Jewish
people those are my people right now and
the Arabs also the Arab children I see
myself this is
me and I see how the Predators the pro
Palestine and the Hamas billionaires and
the
other uh um criminals taking advantage
of the situation on a global
scale I find myself just fighting at so
many fronts that it just it makes out of
me an absolute mad
person so you your education was paid
for by the by the Israeli intelligence
agency and you started to question
your concept of their
work and then
you broadened your education
formally H how is it that you worked for
the Israeli intelligence organization
how did that come about and what sort of
work did you
do so cuz you said to begin with they
were just paying for your education and
you were talking to them and you were
learning that they were different than
you thought yes and I was also very
young at that
point um
things became serious at the beginning
of the second Palestinian inada and that
was so the the beginning of this journey
with the Israeli intelligence started in
1996 the second Palestinian antifa
started in 2000 right before uh
9911 so I was already uh towards the end
of my school and I knew enough about
Hamas about the Palestinian
Authority and it happened that I was
part of yaser arat
meetings and I was part of other
Palestinian factions meetings Islamic
Jihad
fat uh and my relation based on my
father's uh uh public status I was able
to go pretty much anywhere I wanted to
go and uh people knew me from my
childhood even though I was troublemaker
you know at that time I was a lot more
stable and uh what position exactly did
your father play or hold so so basically
my father's position of course is
changing but because of internal uh
elections and his status would never be
revealed to the public not even to Hamas
members because the voting for his
status would be only limited to the
Hamas leadership at that time I think he
was from uh the uh or he maintained
throughout his career with Hamas top top
leadership in the Hamas sh Council
plus uh a huge chance that he's one of
the founders of Hamas but he never
revealed that I know I knew this from
other Hamas leaders but he would never
reveal that information to me okay um
okay they usually reveal this
information after his death so we're
talking about he's he he's not only a
leader of the movement he's also the
spiritual leader of the movement today
he could be the spiritual father of the
movement this is his significance so not
just
[Music]
logistical um and
um of course after my story came out his
his status in the movement was shaken
right but somehow
they wanted to give him as much support
as uh as they could okay so now we're at
the second intifa this is about this you
said this is just before 911 this is
around the year 2000 right okay so
what's happening and you you have access
to all these meetings right but you've
already established relationship with
the Israeli intelligence yes so so
basically
um trust between me and the Israeli
intelligence was already established and
um I was highly
motivated uh to uh capture a suicide
bomber before they reached their target
Israel was really struggling with this
issue uh we had so that became your
mission it was suicide bomber prevention
oriented yes the thing is everything was
happening in front of my eyes the only
thing I just needed to set my intention
that do I want to do this job do I want
to do this very difficult job or not
because even though they I established
the relationship with the Israeli
intelligence but did not mean that I was
forced to do
anything so I was in the mosque I was in
the meetings I was in the safe houses I
was pretty much everywhere and uh any
strange encounter between two Hamas
members I was able to just detect that
this is unusual we have to look into it
um now what what was more important than
the Israel intelligence had lots of
information but it would take an
expert uh hours and hours to go through
thousands of pages to come to a
conclusion for me if I hear the story I
would come to the conclusion immediately
so I was able to piece the puzzle and
many people think that I was inform
formant like going and bringing
information but what they didn't realize
actually the Israel intelligence had the
information already and all I was just
in a meeting peace in the
puzzle um and then when I go back to the
society I act based on what I know now
from uh from the
meetings uh so uh the information the
intelligence that I received from the
shinb uh helped me
navigate uh a thousand times stronger
than if I was
only uh a son of Hamas leader so I end
up knowing about Hamas a lot more than
what my father knew about Hamas
operation um
so being part of that culture and uh
having whatever information
uh it it made my position very very
strong that the that I was able to reach
a suicide bomber before they reached
their target MH how many times did you
do that okay and I I hate to talk about
this okay okay I hate to talk about it
because this is where I start playing
the hero and even in the book I would
talk about it but I think right now it's
inevitable because many people are
trying to discredit my
journey and it's a vow it's uh also uh
that I'm supposed not to talk about
operation um and reveal the secrets of
our work to the
enemy uh
but you can say the least dozens of
suicide bombing
attacks dozens on regular
basis uh from capturing five suicide
bomber at the time to seven suicide
bomber bombers at the time to capturing
the masterminds that
includes the bomb maker and that was our
biggest concern in
fact somebody like abdah Bari which was
very very dangerous Hamas asset the most
dangerous Hamas bomb
maker um he's in Israeli prison
today uh I was the first to reach his
location his
lab uh and recognize
him
um responsible for the death of at least
100 people at that time before he was
arrested uh ibraim hammed and the entire
Hamas mil wing of the West
Bank um which they they were
using
um uh a research Santa as their cover
they never come to the
mosque they never participate in Hamas
activities they're all shaved they don't
have beards they're in the intellectuals
ETC
historians and uh I had my suspicion but
the agency did not have any information
about this guy guys there were five of
them um and I kept arguing for about
three years arguing with the agency that
this people are doing something wrong
doing something and nobody would listen
to me until finally we realized that
this people have been the core group
behind 95% of the suicide bombing
attacks during the second person and the
father just they were there and we we
could not make the connection then
finally the agenc is like how did you
come to this
conclusion so many times there was just
like a gut feeling or like literally I
would just be taking my uh little sister
to the school in the morning and all of
a sudden I see this Most Wanted enter in
a building and this was his apartment
his safe house then I called the agency
and I say I found it but how did you
find him I was I was just driving and he
just entering the building they could
not believe it Ibrahim hammed the agency
did not see him in 8 years they did not
see his face in8
years and I finally locate him so it was
at some point I remember AAR was the
head of the agency at that time he said
get him out they get him out he's going
to get killed because the amount of
operation whether in
fat uh Hamas Islamic Jihad public front
for liberation of Palestine in fact yat
after winning the
Nobel priest
prize uh I was I was the source that
brought the information of his relation
to uh suicide bombing attacks because I
was in that
meeting and the information that was was
given to AR Shon the Israeli uh prime
minister at that time my identity was
never uh revealed the same information
that was used in the uh un Security
Council so why am I telling you this not
to brag about it
the amount of intelligence my life was
on the line every day every single day
during the second Palestinian in all the
way up to Hamas CP in
Gaza and I told the Israeli intelligence
that Hamas is up to something they said
but this is too much it's too hard to
believe the Palestinian Authority has
35,000 police officers Hamas has only
5,000 the the the it's not possible for
them to overthrow the Palestinian
Authority I told them this is Hamas plan
and this is what's going to happen and
that was three months before Hamas took
over Gaz okay now where it's going to
get tricky you know this is stuff that I
don't like to talk
about nobody give a damn and three
months later Hamas was in power and
instead of destroying Hamas and not
allowing them to grow um the world
pressure against Israel that this is an
elections and Hamas won the elections
and we have to accept them as a
legitimate political party and they just
kept uh playing this game and Israel
agreed to go into their Rabbit Hole
until Hamas became the power it
became and even from the first war with
Hamas Israel was determined to destroy
Hamas completely but the world came
seize fire now and we seize fire the
first war the second war the third war
the fourth war and every time they use
children as human
sheets and this time it was there's no
way around it you'll have to eradicate
them otherwise they will do a lot worse
in the in the next War how do you
understand the relationship between
Hamas and
Iran it's a very weird and awkward
relationship because Shia and Sunni they
hate each other and so there's a bloody
history between both uh sects
but the uh it's in Iran's interest to
destabilize the the region and they find
in Hamas uh a
device they they they give Hamas
billions of dollars but they why do you
think the Americans especially the
Democrats why do you think they can't
see
this because everybody's after their
interest like for example right now we
have Iran's uh full attack on
Israel ballistic missiles okay we downed
many of those and the United States help
the UK other NATO countries this is am
Arab states Arab states okay this is
great but are we supposed to be a
defense is this the best we could do
that we just stand at defense the super
power I would destroy the Iranian
nuclear program immediately this is what
I called from from day one I said the
most adequate response to October 7 is
the destruction of Iran's nuclear
program you cannot give a Muslim country
a nuclear power it was a big mistake to
let Pakistan to become a nuclear power
this is this could lead to uh to a
global situation a very ugly situation
they are not responsible they are
dictatorship they they they are not
accountable to anybody but Allah how can
you give them
our of Allah of course yeah and how how
Allah itself I don't want to say even
interpretation because Allah as is in
the Quran is a very dangerous entity so
it's not a matter of misinterpretation
that you know the guy is a very good guy
in the Quran and the islamists or
extremists see him as a as as a bad guy
no he's a bad guy sooner or later the
world is going to wake up on a disaster
and realize what we are saying is the
truth
so the United States is not doing their
job we don't we have advanced
Weaponry like for example the
electromagnetic bomb will drop one of
these paralyze their entire system no
civilians will die in this process just
send them back to the Stone Age and in
the meantime destroy their nuclear
program show them you know who is the
boss but instead we are compromising so
they can get access to our intellectual
property
and use our weapons against
us this is
insanity but why the Biden
Administration doing this because he's
trying to please the voters he's trying
to please Rashid at he's trying to uh
please that's all part of that victim
victimizer narrative yes he's trying to
please everybody and I say you know if
is strong leaders take risk take
risk weak leaders try to please
everybody and I think this is the
situation of this Administration you
cannot please everybody you cannot
please Israel and please Rashid
simultaneously you cannot you need to
choose who's my ally in this situation
Israel is a reliable Ally and they are
under attack
and they are protecting the American
interest in the
region they are maintaining the
stability of the uh of the region I
don't want to say the word it's not just
an AE but then they come
and and accuse America of giving support
to Israel well how much support Israel
give the United States how much support
the Jewish uh population in the United
States American Jews give the American
treasury from their tax money and the in
every aspect uh of
economy what conclusions did you draw
about the Jewish Society in Israel as
you became more and more familiar with
its
nature yeah well first of all it's it's
democracy that uh it's a diverse Society
there are the Muslims there are the Jews
the Christians their human rights you
know one of the things that uh was just
unbelievable during the second
Palestinian
intifa when a building
collapsed and they were clashes on the
checkpoints everywhere shooting at
soldiers it was very dangerous for the
Israelis to come to enter the city of
ramala but when the building collapsed
we did not have rescue team we did not
have a fire department because it's such
a corrupt system that invested all the
money in luxury and they never uh invest
the money in
infrastructure so the dozens of workers
stuck under the rubble and we cannot get
them out so we had to call the uh the
Israelis during the second in while we
shooting at them to say please come into
ramala to the city center and help
us so the Israel sent the fire
department of course with the IDF to
protect
them the entire day evacuating the uh
the victims uh taking them to Israeli
hospitals and
after a long day the IDF exit the city
of ramalan and people rewarded them
shooting at them throwing Mor mov
cocktails throwing stones Etc my job I
was there because my job was just be
there to make sure that the the troops
are okay so the the troops protecting
the rescue team I am there to make sure
that the troops are okay and the
civilians of ramala are waiting for the
troops to evacuate after helping the
Palestinians by throwing stones mot of
tails and shooting at
them this type of events you know are
just
insane and uh it just keeps going like
this everything um about the uh
Palestinian uh mentality the Arab
culture and uh you see the law and order
that there is protocol the Israeli
intelligence follow a
Protocol no one was arrested if Israel
did not have evidence of their
involvement in
terrorism and no one was assassinated
especially the most dangerous terrorists
that Israel could not arrest that they
were hiding uh in the city
centers that none of them were killed if
they did not have direct relationship to
Suicide bombing attacks and they had
blood on their hands
none so you saw an organization that ran
by rule of law the Absolut absolutely
and there is no doubt about it and this
is why I'm heart broken because I know
what's happening in Gaz right now really
pushed Israel to the corner that they
had no other
choice uh and there was no possibility
to avoid uh civilian casualties after
October 7 because I know at their heart
they would never hurt uh an innocent
civilian and they gave the why did you
become convinced of that because in our
operation this is how we dealt with the
situation so you saw this firsthand yes
like later on one of the exceptions of
my entire career that it
was uh a day where the agency had no
choice um but to kill uh one of Y
arafat's bodyguards his name was muhamad
Abu
halawa this guy was killed about 13
Israelis and he was hiding in yasat
compound I was the one who discovered
him so I was the only one who uh could
recognize
it and
um the Israeli intelligence said listen
we have no one else except you and this
guy is going every night shooting and
killing
people yaser arat gave him immunity the
Israeli intelligence could not go into
Yar arat compound and arrest
and they could not predict where he's
going and they didn't know how he looked
like so they wanted him dead that was
the only way to deal with him so the
ageny said listen you have your moral
thing you don't want to kill anybody but
if this guy is not
dead he's going to kill people tonight
tomorrow night and he's going to go like
this so this is when I had to
compromise
um
the uh first attempt
a top fat leader was in the cop his name
is Marwan baruti he's today in Israeli
prison and everybody said that this
could be the next Palestinian
president and the operation was
cancelled because there was other
terrorists in the car I'm not talking
about like a civilian in the car and
this guy was so hard to find like the
agency would say like you know what
eliminate both of them we are not going
to take a risk that he's going to kill
more uh Israeli cines and the operation
was cancelled I was really
shocked okay I was shocked so our job
was many times when we knew about a safe
house of a terrorist okay is his family
there okay when is his family
leaving H it always civilian uh
situation was taken to consideration and
this is a 10 year experience so when
when people come to me today it's like
that Israel is e techically
cleansing the Palestinians it's a lie
Israel Israel is accountable to
international law isra Israel cannot do
this even if there was corruption let's
say some racist within the the IDF and
they did something illegal they would be
uh held accountable but this is not a
state policy it cannot be but people
want to see it in black and white if you
come try to bring them other truth like
for example what's happening today is is
a collateral
damage and it's not only that who's
killing the civilians did people take to
consideration that Hamas put booby traps
everywhere and how would we know the
difference between Israeli air strike
and Hamas Bobby trap that targeted
civilians and how do we know actually
that it's not in Hamas interest to kill
civilians MH so uh then how many Hamas
clearly in their interest of course this
is this is the most powerful weapon in
their hands to delegitimize Israel and
get
legitimacy I think it's impossible to
understand the situation in Israel
without understanding that the
Palestinians are
expendable yeah so Hamas is committing
not only a capital crime by committing a
genocide on October 7 which actually
defines the genocide then the Muslims
around the world uh outnumber
Israel uh and uh change the narrative so
fast that we go from a Jewish genocide
on October 7 to a Palestinian genocide
in less than 70 days this is how fast
that's effective work on Iran's part my
estimation so let me we're running near
the end of the time we have in this
session for everybody watching and
listening I'm going to continue this
conversation on The Daily wire plus side
for another half an hour um so you know
uh be welcome to join us there um I
guess I'd like to ask you uh there's
many things obviously that we've left
undiscussed but that's going to be how
it is I would like you to tell
me what you think about what's happening
on the streets in Western cities but
most specifically on University campuses
with regards to the pramas movements
that seem to be everywhere and if you
were speaking with a group of students
who are acolytes of the victim
victimizer narrative and portraying
their moral superiority by adopting the
identity of allies of Hamas it's like
what do you have to say about
that um again it's not uh one
uh uh one phenomena it's many uh
with different motives are coming uh to
claim to be a pro
Palestine it's not only a pro Hamas
Hamas is actually
um igniting the blood lust in many of
the demonstrators so when Hamas when
Hamas scores uh and
the shed blood this gives them uh uh the
pleasure of inflicting pain on their
opponents they say oh they deserve it
because they are the Zionist they're the
colonizers they're the occupiers they
are the
bankers they are the the ones who
control the economy those are the ones
we are in debt to
so so many many people come with a
different motive and this is just the
hatred against the successful minority
yeah this is the curse when you are a
successful minority many people are
going to come after you especially if
you are down or if you are wounded that
they will come and try to kick you while
you're down MH so many forces uh that
they are as we discussed the beginning
that they are opposing forces but
somehow they got United in in a very
disgusting way that shows you the moral
decay of such uh groups and I'm not
talking only about students there are
historians there intellectuals there are
lawyers who bought into um er the BDS or
the pro Palestine propaganda which is
basically that Israel is an aperti
State um that Israel has been or the
zionists been uh ethnically cleansing
the Palestinian people if the
Palestinians had a Palestinian state
would have not been in this
situation uh Hamas is a resistant group
so and everybody uh project their hatred
uh based on their intelligence and based
on their
uh ability to express that so some
intellectuals they can represent the uh
their hatred but uh in a deceptive way
that does not show hatred just like show
uh uh it's always allyship for the
victim you know yes yeah that's the best
possible mask for like a sadistic hatred
that's for sure yeah
so are you speaking anywhere like do you
do you have the opportunity to speak
publicly well I have been cancelled from
many universities because you probably
Now understand
why yeah i' say so but I'm I'm okay with
that I'm not afraid of being canceled I
I've been canceled by my own family by
my own people so when when I have uh
American campuses or American
universities canceling me I'm not uh
affected like I don't feel ashamed yeah
that oh my God you know this is a threat
to my career because I never intend to
make a career you know and I don't care
about my Public Image as much as I I
care about where where do I stand
morally and am I at peace with myself or
not but anyway uh I find my way to speak
uh to the students and I challenge them
uh yesterday we had a debate
I
thought I've been trying to get the pro
Palestine Advocates
anyone to an open debate let's go let's
talk about the thing this is the way of
the West dialogue we cannot be clashing
like this inciting for violence
harassing Jewish people harassing
successful people bringing the Hamas
nightmare into the American soil
globalizing the in globalizing the chaos
well these are very dangerous terms that
we don't know what we're talking about
from The River To The Sea they don't
understand that back in
1987 when people start chanting from The
River To The Sea violence followed just
shortly after that and this is my
childhood trauma and when I saw the
people chanting from The River To The
Sea I knew we were in
trouble so this is why I tried to
counter this Force
but nobody wants to listen so I thought
to myself yeah well that narrative that
underlying Narrative of victim
victimizer that's very intractable it's
very difficult thing to move it's so
morally attractive well and try to get
them out of their comfort out of their
uh convenient truth and they will
crucify you this is the price you pay so
practically just two days ago we had uh
a
debate a I had to pay
somebody
$20,000 from my pocket to debate me on
the topic because no one
else agreed to uh where was that debate
Berkeley University and that's one of
the most
respectful educational institutions that
they cannot even host a debate on their
own yeah yeah a debater had to pay from
his own pocket to bring his opponent to
have a discussion and the the funny
thing that this guy acts like a giant
outside of the debate like when you see
him at jazer is Al jazer
host and was a CNN anchor delivered the
speech to the United Nation and called
from a United Nation Podium from the
river to the
sea but when he came to the debate he
agreed with 90% of the things that I was
saying I was like
then who are you mhm that you're outside
you know just this outrageous uh anti-
Zionist anti-israel Pro Palestine and
all of a sudden here you're just chcken
out and I cannot find a debate like a
decent debate I'm I've been calling them
out you know come debate me let's talk
about this this is not a joke children
are dying this is not a political stand
this is not a career I'm not your
typical expert coming on the topic M MH
you get in the
way where I'm trying to stop the death
of innocent children protect them from
predators that have been killing them
for 70 years by the name of Palestine
you get in my way I destroy you if if if
necessary so I'm not politically correct
I cannot be and I don't care if you
cancel me or not and I'm not in a
position even to reason with you we are
at War right now it's finished we can
talk about it later but it breaks my
heart that America is my country now and
I have responsibility towards the
people that we don't want to bring the
antifa here we don't want to globalize
the antifa in fact we want to De
globalize it we want to localize it we
want to cut all the uh foreign entities
that have been trying to take advantage
of of this
conflict and we have to give the power
to the people to the Arabs they are
Arabs they're not Palestinians so please
help me with this this is what I've been
trying to spread that there is no such a
thing as Palestine Palestinian is a
political identity it's a corrupt one a
colonial one it's actually very
disrespectful for the Arabs who were
born in that region to call themselves
after a colonial entity and adapted as a
national identity it's just absur this
is why I don't use the term for myself
to say no keep them Arabs they were born
there they have the birth right to be
there but what they need they don't need
a state they need a police force they
need education they need economy MH they
need decent leadership that works
towards building a nation they need a
civil
Constitution they need to be friends
with Israel and drop their stupid idea
of d in Israel because Israel is going
nowhere if they cannot see Israel as
just the same way they see themselves
when they look at an Israeli child like
they see them as their own child then we
have a problem we cannot justify the
killing of Jewish children because they
are
Jewish this is where I need this to
uh to be
and I don't want this whole nationalism
this whole Palestine so of course when I
see now globalizing the issue bringing
the states and uh making free free
Palestine what is well your Palestine is
not a hostage in my basement stop saying
free free Palestine you know decent
human beings decent Americans would say
free the hostages not tear down the the
posters of hostages you know not even
allowing their families to represent
their case in the land of the
free and what they want to free they
want to free a concept A Dangerous
political concept that actually depends
on the destruction of
order at the expense of children at the
expense of generations at the expense of
individuality who are we you know we we
are Americans this is I mean not only
Americans anybody in the west this is
our value system so this is where gets
really as you see like I speak about it
with lots of strong emotions because
there is no way there is no other medium
for me what's happening is absurd not
only on the American campuses before you
say free Palestine at what expense at
the expense of Israel you want ethnic
cleansing from The River To The Sea so
this hypothetical political entity would
take place in
reality and who's going to pay the
priz the Palestinian children and for
how long we have been paying this price
for 70 years and
all we received in return suffering pain
confusion and a
minority of con artists became
billionaires y arat had $9 billion in
his bank account before he died and it
vanished because his wife stole it after
she killed him and this is the first
time I see it in
yes after his wife un plock the life
support and he died even the Palestinian
people don't know this and let them go
figure his wife is his
killer so we're talking about uh such
corruption and fight for money where the
first lady is killing the the father of
the
nation uh and in the meantime uh
screwing a a mad agent so
I I'm I'm done with this I don't want to
see more children die and I don't care
for the
uh Palestinian entity all right
sir thank you we'll pick this up on the
daily wire plus side for everybody
watching and listening yeah thank you
very much for talking to me today thank
you all for your attention and uh as I
said if you want to join us on the daily
wi Plus side to conclude this
conversation please feel more than
welcome to do so
[Music]